{Compute} Update history notes (#17280)
Azure/azure-cli: src/azure-cli/HISTORY.rst

**Compute**

* New license type RHEL_ELS_6 (#16012)

> * Adopt track2 SDK, azure-mgmt-compute==18.0.0, including breaking changes such as property name change (#15750)

Reviewer: Shouldn't we explicitly call out what BREAKING CHANGES are introduced?

Author: Done

> * Adopt track2 SDK, azure-mgmt-compute==18.0.0, including breaking changes such as property name change (#15750)

Author: ```suggestion
* Adopt track2 SDK, azure-mgmt-compute==18.0.0 (#15750)
* [BREAKING CHANGE] Property names change due to track2 SDK. For example, "virtual_machine_extension_type" becomes "type_properties_type" in VM resource.
```
